1 B
2.C
3.A
4.A
5.C
6.B
7.B
8.D
9.A
10. What Is Bayes' Theorem?
Ans- Bayes' Theorem is a way of finding a probability when we know certain other probabilities.

The formula is:

P(A|B) = P(A) P(B|A)P(B)

Which tells us: 	  	how often A happens given that B happens, written P(A|B),
When we know: 	  	how often B happens given that A happens, written P(B|A)
  	  	and how likely A is on its own, written P(A)
  	  	and how likely B is on its own, written P(B)
11. What is z-score?

Ans- Simply put, a z-score (also called a standard score) gives you an idea of how far from the mean a data point is. But more technically 
     it’s a measure of how many standard deviations below or above the population mean a raw score is.A z-score can be placed on a normal distribution 
     curve. Z-scores range from -3 standard deviations (which would fall to the far left of the normal distribution curve) up to 
     +3 standard deviations (which would fall to the far right of the normal distribution curve). 
     In order to use a z-score, you need to know the mean μ and also the population standard deviation σ
12. What is t-test?
Ans- The t score is a ratio between the difference between two groups and the difference within the groups. The larger the t score, the more difference there is between groups. The smaller the t score, the more similarity there is between groups. A t score of 3 means that the groups are three times as different from each other as they are within each other. When you run a t test, the bigger the t-value, the more likely it is that the results are repeatable.

    A large t-score tells you that the groups are different.
    A small t-score tells you that the groups are similar.
13. What is a percentile?
Ans- percentile is a number where a certain percentage of scores fall below that number.
     You might know that you scored 67 out of 90 on a test. But that figure has no real meaning 
     unless you know what percentile you fall into. If you know that your score is in the 90th percentile, 
     that means you scored better than 90% of people who took the test.
14. What is ANOVA?
Ans- Analysis of variance is a collection of statistical models and their associated estimation procedures used to 
     analyze the differences among group means in a sample
15. How can ANOVA help?
Ans  An ANOVA test is a way to find out if survey or experiment results are significant. 
    In other words, they help you to figure out if you need to reject the null hypothesis or accept the alternate hypothesis. 
